fix: load all signals in consume_events (#137)
openedx/event-bus-kafka: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
**********

[3.9.5] - 2023-02-24
********************

Fixed
=====

> * load all signals in consume_events command before running the consumer

Reviewer: It would be nice to explain what the failure mode is that this fixes. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
* ``consume_events`` command now loads all public signals so that the consumer can load signals by ``event_type`` even if their modules were not already imported
```
